Docs-7550 basic alerts and retrofit alerts to advanced alerts (#135)
mulesoft/docs-monitoring: modules/ROOT/pages/alerts.adoc

Alerts indicate whether a resource (such as a Mule app) is behaving as expected or exceeding a defined threshold.

> There are several types of alerts. From the *Alerts* page in Anypoint Monitoring, you can create xref:alerts-config.adoc#basic-alerts[basic alerts] or link out to alerts for API and Runtime alerts.

Reviewer: ... alerts for API Manager and Runtime Manager alerts.

Author: ```suggestion
There are several types of alerts. From the *Alerts* page in Anypoint Monitoring, you can create xref:alerts-config.adoc#basic-alerts[basic alerts] or link out to alerts for API Manager and Runtime Manager alerts.
```

> There are several types of alerts. From the *Alerts* page in Anypoint Monitoring, you can create xref:alerts-config.adoc#basic-alerts[basic alerts] or link out to alerts for API Manager and Runtime Manager alerts.

Reviewer 2: Try to avoid "There is" or "There are" as the "subject" of a sentence. 
Would this work?
```suggestion
You can implement any of several types of alerts. From the *Alerts* page in Anypoint Monitoring, you can create xref:alerts-config.adoc#basic-alerts[basic alerts], or you can link to alerts for API Manager and Runtime Manager alerts.
```

If you have a Titanium subscription, you can also view, enable, and disable xref:alerts-config.adoc#advanced-alerts[advanced alerts] that are configured for graphs in custom dashboards.

// should the below information remain here? Or should we redo this when we address Trust?

> When you configure an advanced alert for a graph, an alert status icon appears at the top-left corner of the graph. For example, the green dot in the bell indicates that the status is OK:

Author: ```suggestion
When you configure an advanced alert for a graph, an alert status icon appears at the top-left corner of the graph. For example, the green dot in the bell indicates that the status is `OK`:
```

image::alert-in-graph.png[alt]

> Note that if you scroll over the bell icon, you can get a description, in this case, *Status OK*. See xref:alerts-using.adoc#alert_status[Filtering Alerts by Alert Status] to understand each alert status.

Author: ```suggestion
Note that if you scroll over the bell icon, you can get a description. In this case, the description indicates `Status OK`. See xref:alerts-using.adoc#alert_status[Filtering Alerts by Alert Status] to understand each alert status.
```

> Note that if you scroll over the bell icon, you can get a description. In this case, the description indicates `Status OK`. See xref:alerts-using.adoc#alert_status[Filtering Alerts by Alert Status] to understand each alert status.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note that hovering over the bell icon triggers a description popup. In this case, the description indicates `Status OK`. See xref:alerts-using.adoc#alert_status[Filtering Alerts by Alert Status] to understand each alert status.
```

> * Alert History: An Alert History page shows status changes of a single alert. When you are troubleshooting an issue, you can have a view of istoric data and see if the current issue has any  precedent.

Reviewer 2: Oops...my eye just caught this as I was committing:
```suggestion
* Alert History: An Alert History page shows status changes of a single alert. When you are troubleshooting an issue, you can have a view of historic data and see if the current issue has any precedent.
```

////

> See xref:alerts-config.adoc[Configuring Alerts]

Author: ```suggestion
See xref:alerts-config.adoc[Configure Alerts]
```
